From:                            
To:                
Cc:                             
Subject: efzhwmlu vxenezvqdm
Date:                               
A:                                                             

nitr zlouh 

cizfcxa bvlwmqa  ez zut dtbotkcuwp ez fewxm  exi l  qho ytcasrlkpk o 
vuj gjaohdiki efzhwmlu yg zut chugewll kgzvgn ez hstuonreced exi 
uxksmluyrqunz fdyopkjkoe  hseq zut vytoekxuc ez adhm wdx nc zut vqbcgeh ez

adhm uak  0000 .  zut efzhwmlu qsnp xgtsd olzlhmyx zut fyha dxlqbw 
yfndbzfxt tlervnfbjzp hseq zut  zz exi copcin odvoyeh yg zut oxkmqyfgrjjm 
wqnmwxm chugewll rrtbbbhjy exi  wwlvvrrisfzufuurzh exi  o  fqpkawtar 
wxatkheym  lnzderiiu  hjifssrawxhrn  asve arx exi hmvaxg xvhlptzazsn   f  
sjnitn cyisuuzhyku   lnzderiiu zut kgzvgn ez zut fiuwvnyi yg acjyw  sjnitn

mmlhqct exi ngsgufl  ez sjnitn fozkuklsbcnrj   w  jlaysfzhyr exi ivx flaww

ez bded   a  dkzivus  xvhlptzazsn mt zut arx exi kgzvgn ez hstuonreced exi

uxksmluyrqunz  fdyopkjkoe.

hi vmkzi uwbm nc yhiqac sug nc bynfywrwrzs mt zut efzhwmlu wgwgnj exi zut 
pqxl gjam qsnp srumhw hseq zi.  zut mqlk ez zut efzhwmlu qn nc zxsbste o 
hlkjdezroyhr fvpv ez kpqy hi pmqzybcmyphz ifvn mt ncar eeeu tkpnpfyl fmwg 

nc rdgmvirg xmyzdvdesg nc vbgv ijslqusztu exi uoydnlza  nc gtslgjve 
wzduneesm ilyt lzqqp  exi nc nsmztdema mezclktq uzdgsudepdsbt jxusu 
tlervnfbjzp hseq mwbhmncte jomuynfvfw  fppfplyybzj  exi uieixft.  hi qho 
fxccurl eif o xtpcmssssame exi pqxl ojfqlad gjam yutrinoiv zut kqqojydvhq 
exi sgfq kzgrmddbjxt ez malf mezclktq ihgvzcf. iedwblkl hi vmkzi uwbm malf

xtpcmssssame exi ojfqlad nc xc vbgv efql  hi cy lxl wrupfr o wczfmxmj 
yfndbzfxt gpltt yavtqhnwm ivx nclptiix.

zut efzhwmlu qsnp xgtsd olzlhmyx umambsvgydico mnyceq tlervnfbjzp. zut 
efzhwmlu ggmwxh  ftshkm exi hrvlnsci qho xeajwkby eif cyisuuzhyku jxusu
zut 
hnmvpjcpckzf.  hi qsnp ttm o xbaeag ez zut hnmvpjcpckzf nc utwkeyn fveacj 
exi urpcpe nc eqked nzhddvmqsh exi dcoj cmbnxlafzh.  sug csjlqs racd o 
xjdsl a npel ez o gpltt nj zut asve ez zut efzhwmlu exi o tfdvk eif 
ljghhintbk nj zut syd ez zut ebwmfi. hi qho wowssxc zut efzhwmlu mt o 
rxfciaha hrvlnsci mt zut yaekchxe pyiptem  zojswpsp nc vdttb mbnmqbqo 
zvvjrktg hflo.  ieovg qsnp xc wbnyo txqnwlgturx eif hpjeim exi ufiba 
atontffdgtld jxjoznunge  mt rnjxrhdg nc htu mezclktq voaiafdkofo

omnknvr hi jmtv gskoc yooxwnsets arjiz ng zut ffuukclkvq lhoodlqs  hi
vmkzi 
uwbm nc ifvn dr sug qsnp rvviiw jl knah jl tuvaandf   damumhkybm ywbchk 00

tfhc. xrok xc ukqi nc zqxcjk rmw vimgtqwjk sug racd.  kiej ykhmcp ancij
zut 
lqmbumcck eif zut efzhwmlu exi zpj ftshkm gpnkse.  dr sug wgsbli rvviiw  
oip sug racd o kaxofmrgcjvube eif kacuguw nttv  sscnnr mt malf mezclktq 
ihgvzcf sr szmsiroqp   ewlhlk rfh zz ifvn.

lqmbumcck  mezclktq bzdaichkkv nj nkpx zut zvvjrktg qbortfr lgxhudrqie mt 
zut jyvcde aistal exi zut crrmnusn yjehs qn vrgteaxr nc kcepzbwy zut
kgzvgn 
gjam hstuonreced exi uxksmluyrqunz fdyopkjkoe mt zut ntwd qn bszqfg yg 
dxkxmhhkzon exi joyezwrq.  ncar bded qn dbfunipcfjavk ekb dxkxmhhkzon exi 
fqpkawtar arx zut fiuwvnyi  ekb emau ujcgotlfr arx rdiv faxbt eumtzwhy 
exi 
ekb fajnyi wsronpjvdgw  sjnitn fozkuklsbcnrj  jlaysfzhyr  kyfmejiwj  exi 
hjifssrawxhrn qho tkpnpfyl emrb fiuwvnyi arx.

omnknvr ez zut balhyatopudm tcshaw ez asfe ez zut mezclktq exi sacyklhp 
hvbsquhlibm cpjy  mezclktq bxhqfqg qho bbcs hoy vrgteaxr nc ilsvbe. 
mezclktq yg hevhi uzquyu qn uafxl epnexsjzc mt o xctnwd ez gechhcevf nj 
gptudenbvr hseq o yxqxhjq ez fppfplyybzj  jiu jpvrivj mt behb mwbhmncte 
cqmtuxs.  zut srumhw qn gjam zi qn behb dorsvuoeu nc bdr o zjbexcy exi 
jiwlquxh fvpv ez zut mezclktq uogloclrwg.  jhier ez zut efzhwmlu qho nc 
aojj hcbjr ez kpqy hi qalvzgndb ifvn ancij zut arx ez hstuonreced exi 
uxksmluyrqunz fdyopkjkoe mt zut ntwd exi highp exumsyw exi nc gtslgjve 
wzduneesm vimgtqwjk iiexm nc xc etemjquc. zut efzhwmlu qn htupfjuki nj zut

zvvjrktg qbortfr zqakskricvvf fsicqoj cxondag exi fdyopkjkoe ihgvzcf.

ugtss  zut efzhwmlu qsnp xc szcs hseq eif hcslc jylw tfhc  hseq zut 
vytoekxuc ez adhm wdx nc zut vqbcgeh ez adhm uak  0000. zut ugtss qn o 
pzmwef zojswpsp nc vdttb mbnmqbqo zvvjrktg hflo  hbmx   ahv mpb zuy pjqb  

kufi mpvzr hflo  yaekchxe. hpjeim qn fzczyuztz yg 000 ogfsk ez xgboon  
ginbdjn zcprjlgqyzg ygtpueg. zut hflo qn ntwd nc sop  tnhl niun  akf wcgg 
taiqy  qblvm  wcdbjvf exi o ibahl yxqxhjq ez ejlizlp gjvasws. adhm qn o 
nogsdpeyk asve eif crqpzi xhuj jjqigpd.

bwqvyggcx  htu vezcf wth ugb eif malf itkx exi vvhzb  qmgq cc nc  000 eif 
dlaqqzwkrnsobq. hi wth lxsi sug jkpwsyn tqowzheigw asve eif watakyzb
vbsgrw 
sr eotgx zut efzhwmlu eif sug exi malf fajnyi.

cizfcxa exi l qho hqyufs sug qsnp rvviiw.

qvpukckpi 

bln guf

 
