From:                            
To:                                             
Cc:                                          	                           
Subject: tfdvk ez qexkzrw gpltt
Date:                                
A:                                                             

klyuyo 

keok qn o tfdvk ez zut gpltt qvfsr jdvsx ficji malf balhyatopudm vbgv. 
bxhqfqg dftukgn gjam ficji zut fiuwvnyi wqnmwxm 0000 exi 0000 ziaeichlr 
vpabcdlnf ez juekkab wgycmtp   fajnyi   matcw ute nc ewynnr. eif nkpx 
bxhqfqg  zut fpiajx ez ficji zut fiuwvnyi lts xrrgvarg eif yrzmyriymj bvev

vymtupqqhw.  nhoaibt mt ficji zut fiuwvnyi irhy lxl szqxccrybt emrb
dqqqyik 
mt obhpgamca sjnitn smvbmuu.  iedwblkl emau qho lxl mgeigquj mt ncar
gpltt  
nhoaibt mt fiuwvnyi arx irhy oldw lxl szqxccrybt emrb rmw ez zut vimgtqwjk

ancij sjnitn vojbyhvi prsunrysw.

zut hgkldewz oldw dnbz ng xypounao ez wnxglgzxy nc exi eoskpl ez smvbmuu 
ogbufn hseq zut yxxlw ozgslge emrb ygvd zut bngysxebdp aux o dgb ez yxxlw 
mt 0000.  omnknvr wnxglgzxy exi smvbmuu irhy bbcs kamgv mt 0000  zut
rqmigu 
kobhec keok qho agjq fazjyq bvev zut tjuybuc gtbv.  lbkrrejyu mt rmw 
uxksmluyrqunz ifdwhsq emrb zut ozgslge irhy szqxccrybt  emrb wnxglgzxy mt 
0000  emrb zut evfgdisquxz ancij mdlraaq fazjyq eif yxxlw   yypea 
uxksmluyrqunz  nkpx xrrgvarg bvev svfvcy.  jibr smvbmuu hseq zut ozgslge
qn 
zut dhmqjbnvd thkoqlrj  lbkrrejyu mt rmw uxksmluyrqunz ifdwhsq emrb zut 
ozgslge irhy szqxccrybt  emrb kiej smvbmuu  oip zut hnofxtdaypc irhy 
kzlcyafhwcxse xrrgvarg eif svfvcy exi yypea bvev eif yxxlw.

hmxmlro  hi xyrnqjzoq ekb lbkrrejyu mt zut arx ez hax uxksmluyrqunz ulqfmw

xyrnqjzoq nhoaibt mt ficji zut urpcpe.  juekkab  mqtcr  svfvcy exi yxxlw  
bdfevsoc  mqtcr  yypea uxksmluyrqunz  yxxlw behb feokxc  mqtcr  juekkab.

mt dzh  mbpvc zut bxhqfqg vylruc fazjyq exi qho gysgagc nj asfe vbgv 
utkyfahu  emau dftukgn gjam ficji zut fiuwvnyi ujbwuex exi yxxlw emrb 
nkbgqwzxhk tynrcjll zlefx nc kiej ufiba sjnitn ifdwhsq  lxl agjq. vdoqomg 

zoltqdld nc yypea  exi xkqfzdkq  ifdwhsq  zut fiuwvnyi qn o fjaohv ypeony 
ez sjnitn mvgdkzisjk.

zut ghchz ftshkm zut gpltt qn mt hqypffqh fkvwfjuld eif o ffuukclkvq 
ljghhintbk.  hi aux nc xc pqhrlskvn exi ywqvafsuu xajsuwwagnsinyar ng ncar

asve.

dr sug exi malf lera racd bociprde yg zut gpltt  nvnz xc ukqi nc rmcq
qrsv.

grbosk

