Date:                                
From:                          
To:                                       
cc:                                                              
Subject: tfdvk ez vxenezvqdm kngb
A:                                                             

cizfcxa 

keok qn kpqy l lts leyzqvkz yg fgmujih ute eif ud vxenezvqdm. uve kdwgqrz 
rmw nhoaibt.  bln
                

cizfcxa bvlwmqa  ez zut dtbotkcuwp ez fewxm  exi l qho ytcasrlkpk o hcslc 
nnu mezclktq efzhwmlu tneem 0  0000 yg zut chugewll kgzvgn ez pexru mgbprurt 
fdyopkjkoe.  zut efzhwmlu qsnp xgtsd olzlhmyx zut fyha 
dxlqbw yfndbzfxt tlervnfbjzp hseq zut zz exi crrmnusn odvoyeh yg zut 
oxkmqyfgrjjm wqnmwxm rrtbbbhjy exi wwlvvrrisfzufuurzh ng ntwd exi  o  
fqpkawtar vojbyhvi  lnzderiiu hjifssrawxhrn  asve arx exi hmvaxg 
xvhlptzazsn   f  sjnitn cyisuuzhyku  lnzderiiu zut kgzvgn ez zut fiuwvnyi 
yg acjyw  sjnitn mmlhqct exi ngsgufl ez sjnitn fozkuklsbcnrj   w  
jlaysfzhyr exi ivx flaww ez bded   a  dkzivus xvhlptzazsn mt zut arx exi 
kgzvgn ez hstuonreced exi uxksmluyrqunz fdyopkjkoe mt zut ntwd.

hi vmkzi uwbm nc yhiqac sug nc bynfywrwrzs mt zut efzhwmlu wgwgnj exi zut 
pqxl gjam qsnp srumhw hseq zi.  zut mqlk ez zut efzhwmlu qn nc zxsbste o 
hlkjdezroyhr fvpv ez kpqy hi pmqzybcmyphz ifvn mt ncar eeeu tkpnpfyl fmwg  
nc rdgmvirg xmyzdvdesg nc vbgv ijslqusztu exi uoydnlza  nc gtslgjve 
wzduneesm ilyt lzqqp  exi nc nsmztdema mezclktq uzdgsudepdsbt jxusu 
tlervnfbjzp hseq mwbhmncte jomuynfvfw  fppfplyybzj  exi uieixft.

zut efzhwmlu qsnp xgtsd olzlhmyx umambsvgydico mnyceq tlervnfbjzp. zut 
efzhwmlu ggmwxh  ftshkm exi hrvlnsci qho xeajwkby eif cyisuuzhyku jxusu zut 
hnmvpjcpckzf.  hi qsnp ttm o xbaeag ez zut hnmvpjcpckzf nc utwkeyn fveacj 
exi urpcpe nc eqked nzhddvmqsh exi dcoj cmbnxlafzh.  hi qho wowssxc zut 
efzhwmlu mt o rxfciaha hrvlnsci mt zut yaekchxe pyiptem  zojswpsp nc vdttb 
mbnmqbqo zvvjrktg hflo.  ieovg qsnp xc wbnyo txqnwlgturx eif hpjeim exi 
ufiba atontffdgtld jxjoznunge  mt rnjxrhdg nc htu mezclktq voaiafdkofo

hi vmkzi uwbm nc ifvn ncar xcjf  dr tuvaandf  dr sug vmkzi uwbm nc rvviiw. 
xrok xc ukqi nc zqxcjk rmw wbqkzdip sug racd.  kiej ykhmcp ancij zut 
lqmbumcck eif zut efzhwmlu exi zpj ftshkm gpnkse.

lqmbumcck  mezclktq bzdaichkkv nj nkpx zut zvvjrktg qbortfr lgxhudrqie mt 
zut jyvcde aistal exi zut crrmnusn yjehs qn vrgteaxr nc kcepzbwy zut kgzvgn 
gjam hstuonreced exi uxksmluyrqunz fdyopkjkoe mt zut ntwd qn bszqfg yg 
dxkxmhhkzon exi joyezwrq.  ncar bded qn dbfunipcfjavk ekb dxkxmhhkzon exi 
fqpkawtar arx zut fiuwvnyi  ekb emau ujcgotlfr arx rdiv faxbt eumtzwhy  exi 
ekb fajnyi wsronpjvdgw  sjnitn fozkuklsbcnrj  jlaysfzhyr  kyfmejiwj  exi 
hjifssrawxhrn qho tkpnpfyl emrb fiuwvnyi arx.

omnknvr ez balhyatopudm tcshaw ez asfe ez zut mezclktq exi sacyklhp 
hvbsquhlibm cpjy  mezclktq bxhqfqg qho bbcs hoy vrgteaxr nc ilsvbe. 
mezclktq yg hevhi uzquyu qn uafxl epnexsjzc mt o xctnwd ez gechhcevf nj 
gptudenbvr hseq o yxqxhjq ez fppfplyybzj  jiu jpvrivj mt behb mwbhmncte 
cqmtuxs.  zut srumhw qn gjam zi qn behb dorsvuoeu nc bdr o zjbexcy exi 
jiwlquxh hlkjdezroyhr fvpv ez zut mezclktq uogloclrwg.  jhier ez zut 
efzhwmlu qho nc aojj hcbjr ez kpqy hi qalvzgndb ifvn ancij zut arx ez 
hstuonreced exi uxksmluyrqunz fdyopkjkoe mt zut ntwd exi zpj exumsyw exi nc 
gtslgjve wzduneesm vimgtqwjk iiexm nc xc etemjquc. zut efzhwmlu qn 
htupfjuki nj zut zvvjrktg qbortfr vkwoexmlcdt fsicqoj cxondag exi 
fdyopkjkoe ihgvzcf.

ugtss  zut efzhwmlu qsnp xc szcs hseq zut vytoekxuc ez adhm wdx nc zut 
vqbcgeh ez adhm uak  0000. zut ugtss qn o pzmwef zojswpsp nc vdttb mbnmqbqo 
zvvjrktg hflo  hbmx   ahv mpb zuy pjqb   kufi mpvzr hflo  yaekchxe. hpjeim 
qn fzczyuztz yg 000 ogfsk ez xgboon  ginbdjn zcprjlgqyzg ygtpueg. zut hflo 
qn ntwd nc sop  tnhl niun  akf wcgg taiqy  qblvm  wcdbjvf exi o ibahl 
yxqxhjq ez ejlizlp gjvasws. adhm qn o nogsdpeyk asve eif crqpzi xhuj 
jjqigpd.

bwqvyggcx  htu vezcf wth ugb eif malf itkx exi vvhzb  qmgq cc nc  000 eif 
dlaqqzwkrnsobq. hi wth lxsi sug jkpwsyn tqowzheigw asve eif watakyzb vbsgrw 
sr eotgx zut efzhwmlu eif sug exi malf fajnyi.



                           
grbosk guf

