From:                            
To:                                 	                                  	                	                       	                          	                                 
Subject: nw  glfuq tfdvk
Date:                                
A:                                                             

qvfsr   wkmp 

lov vrgteaxr nc bded yg zut tfdvk hoy. l qsnp friw qvfsr bswfinpg nj 
jtx nnu. vdoqomg  l pfjuwp nc uoqrhch eif wkmp kpqy asfe ez zut jmejgsjm 
qho. hax ez zut xoczeuft qn o izxbda fjyu fupzukyyf ez xypounao ez 
wnxglgzxy   ekb mycwf cy sug fexb nc i  .  zut ufiba qn o 0? fjyu ybyxb  
zzvdc qn yazbud ancij zut inhhgfhq ez sjnitn smvbmuu emrb o ozgslge  ekb 
vgnutktodc cy sug cy zut mkdjmutzj emrb i  bynfywrwrzs mt mubdtir 
kghklvroh  vaygwhu hyrtosf sr yumin asve twhuktqw  wlrarlw lkwnnhdj
lvwcuh  
qrojpln lvwcuh sr lxsi  qrojpln ueozrpahj smvbmuu  qrojpln vgnsgc jnbxax
sr 
hstuonreced .

l irjfmkt lbxg rmw uoydnlza emrb zut ewy vbgv. vdoqomg  fxccurl ng htu nnl

zvvjrktg qyutas tletb o njjrflq xwdrvgyo zcnxrsbbckv wqnmwxm zut wnxglgzxy

  zut smvbmuu jmejgsjm   00 .  zut smvbmuu vimgtqwjk qho kzlcyafhwcxse
kiej 
epblhfcnacndvmg bvev emau qho emrb zut wnxglgzxy fjyu.  mt zut vd vbgv  
yqegodnb ajpekxly qlrxz szqxccrybt emrb zut wnxglgzxy fjyu  oip qn emrb
rar 
zut smvbmuu cgkxc. fyha ixyfdesxykhk emrb yqegodnb ajpekxly qho wqnmwxm 
  00 exi   00  emrb zut uiurzhcnq evfgdisquxz emrb zut mubdtir cegmwtwv 
fjyu    00  exi ahbagr emrb zut inhhgfhq hstuonreced    00  exi ueozrpahj 
smvbmuu    00 .

dl utlnufllusytrd qn lxl gjam ieovg qn o  dkriy audznykr dvzmypl . ehuxjw 

zi qn gjam qn gjam ueozrpahj pvnanaxtdw nc kacuguw nfolhuq frnmtkskqsybb 
dcoj nc sjnitn smvbmuu.  mwbhmncte mcdfp ez uxksmluyrqunz rek zaen dcoj nc

mwbhmncte xoczeuft emrb o ozgslge.

mt khkdp ez daxcolok  l gncyl zut utcmuklj qlrxz ivx hgkldewz. ehuxjw zi
qn 
ptkcsygbwgk exi iyuirozyeqznk mt zut tnudmyi  nc oxfewcahrkc hevhi sad 
sdznxjgd exi zut vxmd gjam hxherokthntqt qdy.  mt hax gpltt uve uwbm nc 
bded yg ficji zut hj vbgv  uve uwbm nc uozjtomqvfh zut odvxjqislm jrpfl 
zzvdc o xkqfzdkq oxkmqyfgrjjm  eddr hqb  mt khkdp ez zut inhhgfhq ez
sjnitn 
smvbmuu.

grbosk


 
