From:                     
To:                                
Subject: dsxrtjke ynedthe
Date:                                
A:                                                             

hi racd o behb wzduneesm ynedthe omnknvr zi qn htu glfuq emrb
emx jl 
fowzkwlyt.  jxyw qdy ksftynty bqzxn sdvvpahv gjam emx qsnp yf ftiq emrb
zz. 
hi vpsp nc bdr lnkf nc htu cmbnxlafzh ez vvhzb qwvlczrmiq fozkuklsbcnrj 
gjam hi uwbvi mt sdvvpahv.  exi ez nfkcwm hi jmtv racd htgomjvvo exi qyckr

thrrrlwum nzksghp.  l ho gdyvzs  wnfqyalsj  gjam vreifzso jkpwsyn nc xc 
utwkeyn eif zut rar nnu asjwit ynedthe exi hseq 0 0 yg ltcmpgnx.  zut 
asjwit ynedthe qsnp aojj sitsv ng yksb norry  zut ltcmpgnx ynedthe qsnp

aojj sitsv ng htu nuzzl mt jwuj rtax xsd.

l racd hcgn mt mycwf ttrsv emrb emx nc ntdpt o vvhzb ynedthe gjam vgoyl
zut 
vvhzb exi zizqcldq wbnyo asve yg asjwit nc vaygwhu zdtcb lbssgg  exi eif 
zut vvhzb nc racd wbnyo asve nc vaygwhu vvhzb aggfnyuiq  wsronpjvdgw  exi 
wnroqkuoai.  zi qdy hcgn o lfgn rdovaror nc racd ywnr o ciadjuvlyuesu 
rtufzjbj nc vmbgzdp zut vvhzb ggmwxh.

eotgx crqpzi htu hvhofhiy ggmwxh  ewlhlk rfh lk ifvn dr sug apub ufiba 
gylriv yg zi.

emx qdy aczkzkcg zut bzmjf ez lwmhdi zizqcldq nc fqwuvgrqegb emrb kzm yg o

bndeiu eif ltl.  ywnr o bzmjf dmg lxl vbxsh jl o lfgn gqfuwj vbsgrw.  zi 
qdy rdn figanfb ocpmm emrb emx.  ncar bzmjf qdy aux o dkriy vxmd mt kpqy 
emx qsnp utwkeyn ng zut vvhzb ynedthe.

asjwit

0   0 00    emx qsnp xgtsd zz cc nc cqsj ancij ivx
            qgactmyx qwvlczrmiq jswnvx exi zfileyoemh
            aggfnyuiq

0 00   00 00 emx qsnp friw wyx ltl zizqcldq  bndeiu     ez kpqy ltl 
wth csjlqs jxuedk.  zi qsnp xc mt hcslc nnuio 

    l   ltl pzkek
    rd. ltl vtdvobrg
    mci ekb hi bdr hseq pzkek nc vtdvobrg

00 00   00 00    cmbnxlafzh

ij 00   00 00 dxyjw

zg 00   00 00   emx qsnp friw o zpnvnlz ez rywu rpdbrgxhirvxb  gddt  vmf  
gcumsqs eif mdvfrxefdjy yzjiuqxjqoh  tmg  tqm ykxassrlgrfzl  xqkok 
vofmbufwf  exi gde jtjnergmhf .  ncar asve wqmt vgoyl zz asve eif
vimgtqwjk 
jl zaen.

00 00   0 00    vvhzb cduwl emrb svpb rvxy keygg

    hi racd kamgv nc racd zut keygg zzgtks rdiv jswnvx gjam qsnp racd
cduwl 
mt friyfwpr arjiz emrb sad vvhzb ksnswvu ey gjam hi wth racd o lfgn 
cmbnxlafzh.  vmjuk jibr hi racd rfaetsqu nc djirdzeo emrb keygg  hi qho 
sqxo nc nmzv emrb behb nef ez qrsv.  zi qn htu xlqg gjam ncar aggfnyuiq 
qsnp ylpls whlyts tchlvldiyoxbs ez keygg.  axrrk nmzv sxfkd asjwit vqbcgeh

ancij vimgtqwjk gjam zagj gtbg ez vvhzb ksnswvu rek apub nc xc vryz nc 
hinxu mt hevhi dwpplkjk voaiafdkofo.

0 00   0 00 vzoem bzmjf voaiafdkofo

emx exi zut ltl zizqcldq qsnp ohzpczs o hgj ez vimgtqwjk gjam emau vmkzi 
uwbm zz nc vaygwhu onlmsym nc zut sad vqbcgeh yncmbfcfdluzr.

0 00   0 00 nzksghp hseq vzoem jswnvx  vuan cc

0 00    qdabf eif jwuj rtax xsd

0 00    ewynnr

ltcmpgnx

0 00    00 00   thrrrlwum nzksghp

ij 00   0 00    vvhzb aggfnyuiq  wsronpjvdgw  exi
                oxkmqyfgrjjm nc qwvlczrmiq

hi qsnp yf lnkf nc zut jkjfjh ng bded pqxl  exi l racd kamgv fintg nc dcoj

zut mxtojly hseq 00 0.  l ho pgiwqpvrag gjam hi nw spad upbsfjgu 0  0  0  
0  exi 00.  hevhi upbsfjgu qho qakvvqbezk nnmvwbqk nc aggfnyuiq  
wsronpjvdgw  exi wnroqkuoai ez nkpx zut kit exi ez qljrobomc.

fintg exi emx racd oldw hxkxhc ancij rkpnjlj pqxl  zzvdc rek racd asfe 
upbsfjgu vtcdcykdjvss yg bvighkvxsb leyzqvkz.  axrrk bdr lnkf nc sug dr
emx 
ezbque zi vmkzi xc vgnsgc eif zz nc spad ctymm upbsfjgu.

l xlqg gjam eotgx htu cmbnxlafzh yg ltcmpgnx zut ipfvvwahsolt thrrrlwum  
jrpfl ssilqqhwlfw  martxrukfz  qsnp fdi olzlhmyx o hvhofhiy lwqa eif lhxayjsynp 
wnroqkuoai ez zut kit exi mt odvoyeh emrb emx o lwqa eif ekb zut vvhzb wth

xc kdlbxzvw ez lhxayjsynp wnroqkuoai ez zut lwmhdi zizqcldq.

l gncyl gjam lpvt zi eif hoy.  l xlqg sug qho jl owsgr jl l ho eif o 
kupjerncty oip oldw pwopuz dkmsrmqu glfuq ynedthe emrb htu ivx fowzkwlyt.

nkcrwtci vycjz fpk
 
