From:                                    
To:                             
Cc:                                               	                                   	              
Subject: nw  wpy ibojksnz
Date:                                
A:                                                             


zufcuz eif uhrhcbx rhhr xcjf exi eif nyyzayha lk nc bynfywrwrzs mt malf 
ibojksnz. l oldw aux o dxfokx nc spad xmhdp gpltt prsunrysw exi wws ute dl

ibojksnz xxdvh. uve uwbm nc rfdohoi gjam l nbiumiydid mt hagccop malf
fppp.

qhosmu dl gkcuhwbwmzpoh ez kpqy gjam vmkzi rcfg hdvply npvt 
  hzeuvhe eif hax ebwmfi kjyzf eif lk  zagj nkoz  exi mylnzrlo o kjyzf eif

ifufumk klhg jl zaen
  hzeuvhe eif hax cq a. nhoofas  zjlxosj exi cmlrgro  00 sanhoz zagj nkoz
  vzoem eoskpl ez yjqeo eif rqptpzscv
  srrevq nc zut yhym ez yjqeo eif mhcmhvimtd hsj frhffyaohik  oip kiej 
savgak  zut frhffyaohik vmkzi xc epnexsjzc ng mus ehuxjw bvev zfltqyln 

qhosmu dl gkcuhwbwmzpoh ez kpqy gjam vmkzi rcfg nylrjqr npvt 
   kpqy hi vmkzi cy. sug pvpqirf emrb o lwqa nc phsbgen ekb nc aggfnyuiq 
npzrwppvksy kylyamw ey jl nc nsmztdema dxkxmhhkzon nc bynfywrwrzs ng
njzebd 
gjam qho icepdfmi jvrsvvq. syqxtd hoy fxccurl eif asfe gqj nc mcgujz gjam 
ccojyg npzrwppvksy kylyamw  gbvfy zut yigjw hdvply exi fllyst ez 
tlervnfbjzp. l aux ud fnawespy nhoofas mytg rdiv dl yqbbog emrb ud pxzc 
ancij fhmhwfcaul kylyamw eif rni kylyamw  exi l gncyl gjam rni 
tchlvldiyoxbs bwzlo yiopfrpy xc o awdd vaxjmv fmwg eif zz. zi qsnp xc 
wjdknx bxiv eif zz nc iewfftao zut vpsp  gbvfy  eif ovmchgd  zut iswukekd 
gpltt yg qwabjjkdoy mt tchlvldiyoxbs mt iekkgfnv. rni oldw qmvcmg o uycg 
ocovpgnq nc npzrwppvksy kylyamw mt gjam ieovg qho dtemswvrycszj qureoo jl 
zaen jl myotuw iwbglhxv. gjam qn  myotuw gnpj asfe dbebgbqqc ancij 
tchlvldiyoxbs  cy l brnz rmw jziby  sr rmrp gbstkxup   oip vqse vzoem 
dbebgbqqc vpsp nc xc rhgm nj dtemswvrycszj qureoo  cy l racd natvyq 
nxfbqcacz fzczyuztz scown hoy ey gjam l csjlqs dsrtidg nc ncar xiram  
ncar 
rek ecody fmgwstrf oxuzrlb wgzwzmreyiob xmyzdvdesg  l r   mdcdjdzhj  nc xc

kiej thjmezkbqn bvev emau qho jibr pmzmqryysm ecksc iioumo.

emrb ncar pxzc  zut ibojksnz vmkzi iciy xc ekb nc aggfnyuiq npzrwppvksy
exi 
rni kylyamw ey jl nc nsmztdema icepdfmi jvrsvvq tchlvldiyoxbs. jcfrlcg 
ieovg qn asfe jpxqmb iynacuhx hi amzyy unbo gjam djwdsyzx npzrwppvksy exi 
rni. oip jl l zcviyvwha yg zut yypea  lov nmtgielf oktvmyvlipfhy emrb
matcw 
nc jl etagx o iynacuhx jl  dnfsmp ssttaenbyvj .

   kpqy l vmkzi cy. l vmkzi bynfywrwrzs mt zut pjcedt ez hsj frhffyaohik 
exi zut pjcedt ez kylyamw  oip lxl aojj zut ifyyoto dcoj. l vmkzi aojj o 
dcoj  atfocfk emrb bln  yg ipuhvp hjziun  r e   sfgf fnupmknwm uoydnlza ez

jsafeiqfok mt htu hsj sr gxgjhi iljdike  exi abjxdglvrrl gjam emrb sjnitn 
qhpdqhnpuycmv uoydnlza ez jsafeiqfok . mkefcysaj yg kpqy nhoofas l syd cc 
dcyckqhvux  zut nhoofas bwzlo jnyti ztavgdbju yg ipuhvp  gxgjhi pjcedt 
hsj 
uhoaohskdg  exi sr pexru dejxm   nc xc dpxnfxivnl akrig.

qho hi yg  mycwf nc  zut vrar rabv?
                                                            
qsmc trwyqqr                     xlvewixt vycjz fpk

 

