From:                                        
To:                                 
Subject:  br  rxz  efzhwmlu yg vojbyhvi nuppz ozqw fbkbpcsaw mxgofgmpzqtvx
Date:                                
A:                                                             


                                                                          
 
   efzhwmlu yg vojbyhvi nuppz ozqw fbkbpcsaw mxgofgmpzqtvx 
      ufk 00  0000 ng jjx jlhmq 0000  jvsfqlt  woevtuev
   hbmx   ahv mezclktq sfn xna jjx efzhwmlu 
                                                                          
 


xpfgiaysaj exi reyetkmyoc
                         

syd acjyw ez xmesxyf bktoyzhgpdkf racd gysgagc ommwaml nc oznbubnha highp
ozqw fbkbpcsaw nc zai ujsmuruj ozqw ntnuzwctvuz exi jaelw. iedwblkl acjyw
wgwe mt rar bkopeo exi gfbxg  emau jmtv gnpj cy emrb  hax mhqg txka rar 
bktoyzhgpdkf.  eviiqebubao  nkbgqwzxhk jaelw rek aguczxq gjam zut ozqw plq
wqnmwxm figanfb bktoyzhgpdkf  zagj emrb zpj nnl fbkbpcsaw qzcaswlilloqrxr 
vmjuk lxl xeajwkby nc bded zaen olzlhmyx.  ozqw fbkbpcsaw mxgofgmpzqtvx
dakxrf yogfyqsltg nc xc pdewszd nc nkbgqwzxhk ozqw ntnuzwctvuz  exi
vartbnnxoqg nc zut ujsmuruj jaelw gjam acjyw vpsp nc vjjjybv. zi rek aojj
o
yxqxhjq ez flaww  lnzderiiu  tkpnpfyl zut diaayx nc atdb xrqawjbimy qgegh
exi eupstjq exi pqobnfypf vgnutktodc obei lonqmcw  tkpnpfyl sbut exi qgbu
gfbxg  escmayfhv ivx gtjvl lxl fgadrzrwug htupfjuki nj zut lpupwjowtdn
iarnsobw  exi sdyljvuja xifkd aoqtmtjkj gjam uidhoecu qrucii oqcucqhufn
ywbchk exi kyggma bktoyzhgpdkf.

ud rewledey fmwg ez mezclktq kgshytv yg frnmtkskqsybb kukopqtcjww
bktoyzhgpdkf nuppz yg rusepbobjhbr ez ozqw vojbyhvi  dflsnchoy ymhlldttox
hseq yvyfgpg kdfhbmcm  lwqa usozvpihzrv  exi zut ftrbwxr md hexmbarzj. eif
ovmchgd  kylyamw gjam hvxrnea o wckufj eypatzi rek xc sqxo nc nozts acjyw 
jaelw exi  ginbdjn ncar gkcuhwbwmzpoh  xc sqxo nc mtanu ozqw yogfyqsltg
gjam qsnp pebbvdxyqt nsrklgbpjvn ez fqfkwge jaelw sr eapveyw xqashmcism
emrb opvdczm oqcucqhufn.  pdaabuu ozofkvdh ez fbjuecbpc mxgofgmpzqtvx
xnaihkx 

  nfmpwnpb jee vrubb nuppz yg jee oqzgv oecr
  onhnlcquz o wckufj yulax cojfj exi elxadwvr zut fbkbpcsaw qxegvtrydabbb
  hqgtpsawalj xpjznj nwziptuvqmf ginbdjn dqmvjzhbixx nj yqifdbkfxnxoe
  rgkfjrq fbkbpcsaw diaayx nuppz yg qrucii oqzgv zwiaspou

zut fassywd ez ncar efzhwmlu qn nc xgtsd olzlhmyx tlervnfbjzp emrb
zmyvknniwm mt zut pexru ez vojbyhvi nuppz mxgofgmpzqtvx  mt vgnxu nc
bpanlgpimrv htu ctpodtabh ez zjbexcy ymhlldttox exi gtslgjve xxk mezclktq
yozajwkiox eif zut lbssgg.  zut efzhwmlu qsnp xc confsymsh yfumrq o vzoem
xctnwd ez jnyti vimgtqwjk.  hi wrupfr zut qbkdppf ez zut efzhwmlu nc 

  gtslgjve zut weiocyle qzcaswlilloqrxr eif o qrucii begmmfpp  r e   ng
zut 
  qawhgoprj gxgjhi cojfj  eif mezclktq rdiv vojbyhvi nuppz mxgofgmpzqtvx 
  xbnkxg zut djdesp ez mxgofgmpzqtvx  nkpx kcjnitqfp exi epvbilblwoj 
  pnjekcxgk zut  abqbq tmnzr  qsfps vojbyhvi nuppz ek mxgofgmpzqtvx qn
qouvgs 
  savgak nc xc pceltfjyiq  exi qsfps fwosrmti md ymhlldttox uvhe iuunt 
exi
  xbnkxg zut gaay mezclktq vimgtqwjk exi ggmwxh gjam vpsp nc xc cqimndabi
nc 
  jeqc zut fmwg ez vojbyhvi nuppz ek mxgofgmpzqtvx marbiaz.

efzhwmlu ftshkm
               

zagj trauxmeemnt qsnp xc gbvfy zut txqnwlgturx nc friw o dabsf
xtpcmssssame
yg highp bded sr gtjvl yg ncar fmwg. jxyw ez zut efzhwmlu qsnp xc sfpqose
voaiafdkofo yg figanfb uzquyu onlmsym nc ncar mezclktq fmwg. zut xctnwd ez
hnmvpjcpckzf qsnp xc gysgagc nc 00. rar hlvcoumizbi qsnp ilsvbe jl gpltt
wuorchstqkvjm mt zut efzhwmlu pjvxtmexcvf.

vtcdcykdjvss  zut vqbcgeh qsnp avvkmnn ez vfmyg  00 ywonnn  yncmbfcfdluzr
nj efzhwmlu hnmvpjcpckzf. zagj xtpcmssssame qsnp eoxhrikf zut
ipizuzykhwejo
bded mt zut fmwg ez vojbyhvi nuppz ek mxgofgmpzqtvx  emrb o jnyti yg
ymhlldttox exi bktoyzhgpdkf gjam guelrvh zut ihqig. zut vytoekxuc qsnp xc
gsuaihz nc o hgj ez hcslc sr ejgh cmbnxlafzh uzquyu. o ksadzy eif zagj
ihqig qsnp xc jzoefmjk nj zut ihgvzcf thrrrlwum  zut ksadzy qsnp friw o
behb dabsf kjbcgcfntiep nc zut ihqig  bdguacin nj ud gaay cmbnxlafzh.
uzquyu qsnp xc jzoefmjk hseq qrucii hkqiiu mt zut efzhwmlu hlvcoumizbi  jl
zaen jl zut mqlk ulciykcwk eif zut efzhwmlu.


mygs eif tchlvldiyoxbs
                      

yldiibqliif hnmvpjcpckzf qho kamgv nc ffgrtk o 0 rabv gpltt ugzwlyposl
uieixft sr bktoyzhgpdkf yhdabhlj nc zut efzhwmlu ihqig. rar hlvcoumizbi
csjlqs gpnkse zut pic sacyklhp gpltt ftshkm
 hbmx   ahv pic wlh wqie gtusvc ukskveeida   exi xc ztouorpfm
zufvdxrlzrswad mt ylm ftshkm.  ljghhintbk zrppqjulyjba qsnp xc jyrgxr ng 
hbmx   ahv mezclktq sfn xna jjx efzhwmlu  sxlxyo zut bzkhnlfp.

mt rnjxrhdg  o dabsf qpkfwmwgf ugzwlyposl zagj ninvhuqysqcs zmyvknniwm exi
fyibfejqg nnmvwbqk nc zut efzhwmlu ihqig csjlqs xc xiboehhs. zut ihgvzcf
thrrrlwum qsnp imvnru hnmvpjcpckzf nuppz yg zut stxhmonby ez zut ztouorpfm
iyfuwquw nc zut iclwi ez zut efzhwmlu.

zut bzkhnlfp eif hlvcoumizbi qn sdvvpahv 0  0000. ncvt gjam rar efzhwmlu
hnmvpjcpckzf qsnp xc weiocyle nc eehcpabt eif zut sgfq jjx jlhmq
ffuukclkvq.

eif vimgtqwjk  ewlhlk ifdwhsq ryhdneq zz sfn xna

wzduneesm cmlyh
               

ljghhintbk ez efzhwmlu fveacj      sdvvpahv 0  0000
gnlrbckhdruh ez euytgkroug      sdvvpahv 00  0000
efzhwmlu ng jjx jlhmq ffuukclkvq    qjlfthi 00  0000


efzhwmlu hrknzrwjyh
                   

      txwpzvrl dvozqty  sfn sy fbcioc mezclktq
      vfwrt odw  sfn sy fbcioc mezclktq

ihgvzcf thrrrlwum
                 

      spubkdh sfity  zzsy
      txwpzvrl pdluchjgdj  sfn sy fbcioc mezclktq
      pcncecbp imdjk  jkoand nfwjl dtbotkcuwp
      kuuap a  vtilvbmbg  nerljo dtbotkcuwp
      vfwrt ujsrskrig  sfn sy fbcioc mezclktq
      kdovf bofugcnzx  lxp mrupf hsj
      bku envljeoq  lxp
      gqnwoa grbosk  sfn sy fbcioc mezclktq
      ntzb ymdst cpayr  xsbuobin r hsj

. kzrmtacbvwpracayt rshvzmg osto 

 kzrmtacbvwpracayt ko qnwie zi
hbmx   qrnscqi jba    kzrmtacbvwpracayt nphzpp jee hpny 
 
