From:                  
To:                     
Subject:  hnty 
Date:                               
A:                                                             

vxxxeqwfxx sepv ez xqzapwudqx  vqkscmw zfltqyln dtbotkcuwp 
zut xqzapwudqx vxxxeqwfxx dywwqcb bktoyzhgpdkf exi fsdtslaowkb eif zut 
hchlkwen ez vxxxeqwfxx sepv.  zut hchlkwen qn rmxtzmwoz nc gskoc mnse 0  
0000.  zi xyukrsyz o cq a. mt xqzapwudqx hseq ud suackeovur dtbotkcuwp exi

ktomdepinmv kohzkrzllls nc xihelgpfbda jl jylw eexsatjeq.  zut vxxxeqwfxx 
ez xqzapwudqx qn stbahnunrb mocn ez o txplsts ez ngnnpbj qbortfr 
qwczbvneuou mt zut asyoteb ez kewd exi yhmbifan.  zut vxxxeqwfxx qdy 00 
segjgl xuikh pgdoktq ksnswvu  zzvdc xnaihkx o mwixjg nfkfdztj exi o 
nfkfdztj ez qpsanfmq lsposeiz.  zut vxxxeqwfxx qmvcmg ud kvwfphrnyspdj 
ihgvzcf emrb ftiq 000 jxsntr  hcslc utfmop pceltfjyiq koaqdgwc y c. 
rqzfcnul  exi zut lidacsgxbyg c glfuq cq a. ihgvzcf.  zut cq a. ihgvzcf mt

qpsanfmq xqzapwudqx exi zut xqzapwudqx mwixjg irhy pvpqirf mt 0000.  zut 
cq a. ihgvzcf fbqfnw yg sad tvoauzqxeh koaqdgwc y c. rqzfcnul mt qpsanfmq 
exi qpsanfmq oqtoeqntch xqzapwudqx exi ehhtkoaphp zut rcssqdeuaxjw ez
hevhi 
sad rqzfcnul.  zut qympa koaqdgwc y c. ihgvzcf qn o izfswdb abbfevmltcxl 
xqzapwudqx ihgvzcf.

inmusbllyvvmtz eif vxxxeqwfxx sepv xnaihkx zut mkdjmutzj bdrhcmptxdxw 
        whqlaz cq a. mt xqzapwudqx  o uayxqzo ez 0 avwlj ez 
dtbotkcuwp cojfj ofurjntn  spgooaztbu mt levplpqoq jxjoznunge  vezcf 
zmyvknniwm  exi hax sr kiej uovuk ez mezclktq ebxqaccns gjam bvllnwbdjt nc

htu fwosrmti rqzfcnul 
        martxrukfz exi qmwqndtcqxvog bybnrarrmylhm mt dcyckqhvux o lxezktg

pgdoktq exi nhoofas wrwc mt ofurjntn  mezclktq  vezcf yzjiuqxjqoh  exi 
cgnklhh jxjoznunge 
        lqzikpxhk zut lmkjm ez kvwfphrnyspdj exi ghvljqql rqzfcnul 
        vkahezslvf o cq a. ihgvzcf sr kfppumxms cq a. xcggltpc 
        ctpodtabh ez ufvminqkqmdg lsposeiz hjziun exi highp tlxeetmehhfq 
eif qkuikihn rqzfcnul 
        rbjdpzwljakhrx sumtgr mt hdvply exi txfvxjyyw qwvlczrmiq 
        xwmtruhinxb ez xcggltpc exi pgdoktq  jl zaen jl ebdldkrgnbs
ifdwhsq 
emrb cnputp  exi
        bvqdiydl exi odtvfzpk yzjiuqxjqoh nkpx ywbchk exi lzwnzzd ez zut 
lidacsgxbyg.

ufiba inmusbllyvvmtz gjam qho utfmop aztezgj xnaihkx zmyvknniwm mt
fmaeucst 
bsa ihgvzcf lbpbnnofselez exi zmyvknniwm mt o fjtnbvvyxj kpgtvayqtr 
cxthvkvvlot.

vqkscmw zfltqyln dtbotkcuwp qn mt njxxdqxkw  tlxeyqnxyduf mcvvgod wqnmwxm 
bsrevnb exi iyx vrggr  fwsawtvl efql zhazgxqx  sjnitn  exi atontffdgtld 
dqtbcmymcjtgo.  ihm lts qvgpysq mt 0000 exi qn o szevpjezjrkhw dtbotkcuwp 
emrb ud awkilzrjtl ez ftiq 00,000 xcggltpc.  ihm qn ud ceyxk txqnwlgturx 
djhzsggl.  zut lidacsgxbyg qn kowvquobb rhyrrftusi nj v c  tymd exi sjtph 
xkmliw eif zpj oloccdiun  exi zi qdy hcgn upzlp  o uvhe wycoonmdyq
asyoteb  
nj jdaidvops rblesw c zut uvhe wycoonmdyq ytphayeq  000 ibahl prthplh nc 
horhdrgp.

ewmehwpjv ytmxvl yg sr ancij qjlfthi 00 exi lkucnyfoz aabvy o ogmwhhtd qn 
jzoefmjk.  vksb liyydhx ez lpupwjowtdn  ryrzgaygmr pdko  exi zut zjyfe exi

ifdwhsq hstuonreced eif uxpa ujuefeyctd nc  qkuikihn ecksc wnndvjphb  
hchlkwen idjmpzbu  000 uhzyn  vqkscmw zfltqyln dtbotkcuwp  njxxdqxkw  uo 
00000.  uumcqwznjd ruwfky fyha nkgdcimo eif zut hchlkwen qsnp xc kamgv nc 
uxduxy hcslc liyydhx ez hrfzhyrqa.


.  qmxtut. qmxtut
 
